feat: add explanation for subscription->take() case (#355)
tier4/caret_doc: docs/configuration/intra_node_data_path.md

arch.remove_variable_passing('/pong_node', 'subscription_callback_0', 'timer_callback_1')
arch.update_message_context('/pong_node', '/ping', '/pong', 'UNDEFINED')
```

## Handling special cases

### Call `take()` method of Subscription object

> In ROS 2, it is possible to suppress calling subscription callback upon receiving a topic,
> and take a message using `take()` method of Subscription object only when the message is needed.

Reviewer: We suggest that you split the sentences because they seem to be vague about what you want to say. For example, what about the following sentence?
```suggestion
In ROS 2 it is possible to suppress the invocation of subscription callbacks when receiving a topic.
If the callback is not executed, the user can still receive the message using the `take()` method of the Subscription object.
```

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/tier4/caret_doc/pull/355/commits/9edecc2ca5513cbbdbc3818cebb1158913b4d6d5.

Reviewer: The text was a bit messy as it was intended as a suggestion. Please allow me to correct it. Can I use a sentence like this?
```
In ROS 2, it is possible to suppress calling subscription callback when receiving a topic.
And even if the callback is not executed, the user can still receive the message using the `take()` method of the `Subscription` object.
```

Author: OK, fixed in https://github.com/tier4/caret_doc/pull/355/commits/21cf419c3a826a15d1f3891f497a889a4300febd.

Refer to [the page](https://autowarefoundation.github.io/autoware-documentation/main/contributing/coding-guidelines/ros-nodes/topic-message-handling/#call-take-method-of-subscription-object) to understand the basic concept of the recommended manner.

> CARET provides the method of analyzing this case with `message_context = use_latest_message`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CARET provides the method to analyze this case with `message_context = use_latest_message`.
```

When message_context is specified in `use_latest_message` and the subscription callback does not running, the data path is defined as follows:

inter node:

> - The inter-node data path is mapped based on the `source_timestamp` which must match between the publisher and the subscriber.

Reviewer: It is better to add the word `side` to pubsliher or subscription for more accurate representation.

```suggestion
- The inter-node data path is mapped based on the `source_timestamp`, which must match between the publisher side and the subscriber side.
```

> - if `take() == false`(indicating that there are no new messages in the queue), the latest source timestamp is used.

Reviewer: It is possible that the take function will fail if the queue is not empty.
It is better to give the explanation in brackets as a concrete example.

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/tier4/caret_doc/pull/355/commits/346fe0d9a2fec86fc350a1b74992d20d3df0d812.

intra node:

> - Link the `source_timestamp` of the input message to the `rclcpp_publish` closest to the system time of the output message.

Reviewer: In my opinion, the word `closest` is unsuitable because it links something that is close in time to both the future past.

The following timing chart shows how input messages are mapped to output messages.

> ![Timing chart for using `Subscription->take()` case](../imgs/timing_chart_take_impl_case.png)

Reviewer: The legend format is inconsistent.
Could you please correct this?

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/tier4/caret_doc/pull/355/commits/6359eea58a5136f0aa1d87b9e2b5084eaa5816c9.
